Lab 1

a. ------

1 & 2.
Abscissa.cpp, in alltmera, row 247, an int (0) is sent to the anslutningspropp function, the function expects an int
pointer. When the variable is then used inside of the anslutningspropp function the debugger
shows a segmentation fault error. This is because the variable that is a pointer that now holds an adress that
is 0x0, this adress we do not have access to, therefore we are trying to access forbidden memory. 

3.
To fix this i sent the adress of "krypta" to the anslutningspropp function instead. 

This is a semantic analysis fault.

b. ------

25.c uses recursion to go thru the input in rest() with match() function. 

4 & 5.
29 is using a scanner being called by the parser to read the next character. There is also a symtable. 
The scanner is lexer.c, which uses a for loop to go thru the text to find the first token. It is also able
to recognize identifiers and add them to the symtable. Lexer is also able to filter the input, different actions
depending of the type of character read. 

The parser is dependant on the operators in the input to understand the priority of operations and format.

6.
Semantic analysis is not really needed here since all we are doing is changing the order of identifiers and
operators. Everything past it is also not present since we have no in-between code. 

7.
in order for the program to be able to calculate the expressions, a function with a stack could be implemented that gets
the output of the current program and is able to do an operation whenever an operator gets read.
2,3,*,1,+,

Whenever a number is read add it to the stack and when an operator is read, perform the operation with the 2
latest entries in the stack. Works for 1,2,3,*,+ aswell. 

c. ------

8. 
pre_processor_macro.c, does not work.

9. 
This is because pre-processor macros are expanded once or "replaced", and when FACTORIAL is expanded, it is done and
now it looks for the definition of FACTORIAL egain but it is not found. 

10.
The pre-processor could have some sort of table where it saves the definitions of functions, having the ability
to replace them multiple times. 


